18. You walk through the gate back to the Grand place and turn left. The second street on the left is St. Janstraat. Here you go in.

On the corner of Halstraat/St. Janstraat, we are facing the building with the pillars: the garrison command. The building was formerly called "head guard". Before those main wait there, stood on this place the St. John's chapel with behind the buildings of the order of Knights of St. John. the members of this order did the sick and poor. The street name reminds of these Knights of St. John. in the chapel began the great city fire of 1534.

The St. Janstraat has ever also the lace Street, probably the huydvetters or tanners, which in the St. Janstraat exercised their profession. To your right hand in the St. Janstraat, the Anthony of Padua Church, a striking lavishly equipped hydrological Church. This church is built in 1836 as the first Catholic Church after the schuilkerken period, which officially was allowed to be built. In 1853 it became the first Episcopal Church (Cathedral) of the new diocese in Breda. The seat of the Bishop of Breda returned after an absence of 32 years at the beginning of 2001 back to Anthony church acquired the status of Cathedral again. On the façade are clearly the three types of ancient pillars. From bottom to top: Doric, ionic and Corinthian columns. The image above the entrance to the ' religion ' for. Within immediately attacks the beautiful wooden pulpit on which is in several panels depicting the life of Saint Anthony. Just ahead are remnants or merely memories of two very distinguished hofhuizen, House Ocrum, in which up to 1994 the Art Academy St. Joost Hersbeeck, now the House was located and presbytery. In 1667 stayed in both houses the English envoys, who participated in the peace negotiations of Breda. The representatives of the Council of State used the property (No. 16) when they were on mission in the city, but also King Louis Napoleon has stayed there. The Bay window of this property had a monitoring function: the parish priest could pay close attention to who went to church. The House Ocrum (No. 18) was from 1848 until 1952 Roman orphanage. That you can still see on the cobblestones that the 19th century facade of the Academy building. The red color of this House (after the restoration made) will over the years by a beautiful grey red color of this House (after the restoration made) will over the years by a beautiful grey red color.