10. in the Vishal go the fish market Street, this street leads to the Oat market.

Of the place where the vishal (1725) still indicates that here used to be a lively trade in sea fish was proficient, we walk through the fish market Street to the Oat market. This market is starting from the sixties to the present day the nightlife district of Breda. The name havermarkt, it must be held that the grain is not here; but on the main market square were traded. However, here by the farmers from the perimeter vegetables, eggs and butter landed and sold. In the seventeenth century was also a leather market held here. The old names of this square were ringing Green market, butter market and corn market which the former features slightly better.

This was built around 1490, as an expansion of the Visser Street. Who on this delightful little square in the summer on a terrace a beer, they discovered (also without beer) very soon, that this square is the most beautiful views of the great tower of the great Church. From this place you can also admire the beautiful wide substructure of that tower. There is much to see on this square. Left on the corner of the OAT market and Heron street you will see the House ' The Arent ', built around ca. 1490. It now has a seventeenth century stepped gable and is completely restored and converted into a restaurant in 1966. In front of you on the OAT market are still two buildings that deserve some of your time. Havermarkt number 5 dates back to the sixteenth century and seven tithe. ' ' On The Vogelstruys havermarkt 21 is a remarkable 17th century monument with a high, not symmetrical stepped Gable. Also this House has over the centuries a variety of features and destinations. It was under refugiehuis more for the Sisters of Catharinadal in the seventeenth century. For the figurine ' the Troubadour ', that at the end of the havermarkt shines, are four copies manufactured. The other three were unveiled in Diest, Orange and Dillenburg, the sister cities of Breda in the Union of Orange cities came about in 1963. A little further in Davey Street (No. 31), on the right side, is a beautiful brick house from the 17th century with the remains of a 16th century Gothic House, known as the three Moors.